begins on Thursday the 28th edition of
salon of the automobile of são paulo that
come web will be able to see up close several
national and imported novelties that
soon they will be in the Brazilian streets
daud highlights are the new tt roadster
besides the a3 and tron ​​that the public can
guide in a circuit next to the pavilion
of exhibitions
fiat brought 500 abarth the prototype that
will give rise to the first average
brand is also in the hall
a hyundai veloster turbo 1 204 horses
and with the prototype r spec that
anticipate what the new look of the
hp 20 the lesson but a concept of the
jipinho that will be made in brazil
the super sports gt-r with v6 engine that
accelerates from 0 to 100 kilometers per hour
in less than three seconds
another emblematic super sports car is in the
chevrolet stand
it is the corvette that rescues the name
extinguished and should be sold in Brazil in
brief
mitsubishi bets on the utilities and
anticipates the future with the hpv one gcp
a complicated acronym that baptizes your
hybrid prototype can also be
recharged
the hrv round is a fit- based jeep
which will be produced in sumaré in the
state of são paulo
another jeep is at the fair is the 2008
will be produced in the river by beans
and there is more the first national model of
jeep or renegade will be from Pernambuco and will
diesel engine options
tomorrow has more follow the coverage
of the São Carlos auto show
Paulo in the newspaper of the car dot com.
the instagram on twitter and facebook